.TH SYSOPCTL 8 "October 2024" "v0.1.0" "System Operations Control"
.SH NAME
sysopctl \- System operations management command
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B sysopctl
[\fIcommand\fR] [\fIoptions\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
sysopctl is a custom command designed to enhance system administration capabilities by managing system resources such as services, processes, and system health.

.SH COMMANDS
.TP
\fBsysopctl service list\fR
List all active system services.
.TP
\fBsysopctl service start <service-name>\fR
Start a specific service.
.TP
\fBsysopctl service stop <service-name>\fR
Stop a specific service.
.TP
\fBsysopctl system load\fR
Display the current system load averages.
.TP
\fBsysopctl disk usage\fR
Show disk usage statistics by partition.
.TP
\fBsysopctl process monitor\fR
Monitor real-time process activity.
.TP
\fBsysopctl logs analyze\fR
Analyze recent critical system log entries.
.TP
\fBsysopctl backup <path>\fR
Backup files from the specified path.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB--help\fR, \fB-h\fR
Show help message and usage instructions.
.TP
\fB--version\fR, \fB-v\fR
Show the version of sysopctl.

.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
List all running services:
.B
sysopctl service list
.TP
Start the Apache service:
.B
sysopctl service start apache2
.TP
Check system load averages:
.B
sysopctl system load
.TP
Monitor system processes:
.B
sysopctl process monitor
.TP
Backup user documents:
.B
sysopctl backup /home/user/documents

.SH AUTHOR
Written by Mohit Agarwal.

.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright (C) 2024 Mohit Agarwal. All rights reserved.


